Docs: Improve custom Docker image instructions (#29263)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/docker.md

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  --name=grafana \
  -e "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=grafana-clock-panel,grafana-simple-json-datasource" \
  grafana/grafana
```

> > If you need to specify the version of a plugin, then you can add it to the `GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS` environment variable. Otherwise, the latest will be assumed. For example: `-e "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=grafana-clock-panel 1.0.1,grafana-simple-json-datasource 1.3.5"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you need to specify the version of a plugin, then you can add it to the `GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS` environment variable. Otherwise, the latest is used. For example: `-e "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=grafana-clock-panel 1.0.1,grafana-simple-json-datasource 1.3.5"`.
```

```bash
docker run -d \
  -p 3000:3000 \
  --name=grafana \
  -e "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=http://plugin-domain.com/my-custom-plugin.zip;custom-plugin" \
  grafana/grafana
```

 ## Build and run a Docker image with pre-installed plugins

You can build your own customized image that includes plugins. This saves time if you are creating multiple images and you want them all to have the same plugins installed on build.

> In the [Grafana GitHub repository](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) there is a folder called `packaging/docker/custom/` which includes two Dockerfiles, `Dockerfile` and `ubuntu.Dockerfile`, that can be used to build a custom Grafana image. It accepts `GRAFANA_VERSION`, `GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS`, and `GF_INSTALL_IMAGE_RENDERER_PLUGIN` as build arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Grafana GitHub repository](https://github.com/grafana/grafana) there is a folder called `packaging/docker/custom/`, which includes two Dockerfiles, `Dockerfile` and `ubuntu.Dockerfile`, that can be used to build a custom Grafana image. It accepts `GRAFANA_VERSION`, `GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS`, and `GF_INSTALL_IMAGE_RENDERER_PLUGIN` as build arguments.
```

### Build with pre-installed plugins

> If you need to specify the version of a plugin, you can add it to the `GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS` build argument. Otherwise, the latest will be assumed. For example: `--build-arg "GF_INSTALL_PLUGINS=grafana-clock-panel 1.0.1,grafana-simple-json-datasource 1.3.5"`

> Example of how to build and run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command from Grafana repo directory:
```

Author: Same comment as above (i.e., we should still make clear it's an example).

> Only available in Grafana v6.5 and later. This is experimental.

The [Grafana Image Renderer plugin]({{< relref "../administration/image_rendering/#grafana-image-renderer-plugin" >}}) does not currently work if it is installed in a Grafana Docker image. You can build a custom Docker image by using the `GF_INSTALL_IMAGE_RENDERER_PLUGIN` build argument. This installs additional dependencies needed for the Grafana Image Renderer plugin to run.

> Example of how to build and run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the following command from Grafana repo directory:
```

Author: @dprokop I think we should still say it's an example, because it installs a certain plugin, while the user might want to install something else.
